# The-Youngster-who-has-contributed-to-all-the-100-crore-club-of-Tamil-movies
100 crore club is considered most prestigious status In Tamil Cinema industry these days. But only six Tamil movies has reached this status those are Baahubali, Enthiran, I, Lingaa, Kaththi and Thuppaki;
One youngster has contributed to all the six Tamil movies; he is none other than Madhan Karky son of popular Tamil lyricist Vairamuthu.  Madan has penned lyrics for all the six blockbuster Tamil movies. ‘Irumbile Oru Irudhaiyam’ for the movie Enthiran in 2010, ‘Google Google’ from Thuppaki and ‘Selfie Pulla’ from Kaththi Movies, “Mona Gasolina” in Lingaa and Aila Aila’ in the movie “I”. Madhan not only wrote lyrics he contributed in writing Enthiran’s dialogues, especially assisting Shankar in writing robotic terminology. He then collaborated with AR Rahman again in Lingaa, writing the lyrics for “Mona Gasolina” in the Latin American musical genre.  
Subsequently, he worked with Shankar again in I, experimenting with the lyrics of ‘Aila Aila’, making sure each line had two different meanings, one what we hear and the other what we get to see on screen. Recently, he has worked in the scripting in addition to coining the new language ‘Kilikili’ and writing the dialogues for the Tamil version of SS Rajamouli’s blockbuster hit, Baahubali. The talented writer has also written songs in Portuguese for 180 and in Mandarin for 7aam Arivu.
Madhan Karky is the eldest son of notable lyricist Vairamuthu and Ponmani. He completed his bachelor's degree in computer science at the College of Engineering, Guindy in 2001. He went to Brisbane to pursue postgraduate engineering and PhD in information technology at the University of Queensland, Brisbane, Australia in 2004.
Apart from lyrics he has penned dialogues for Enthiran, Chutti Chathan, Nanban,  Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, Vai Raja Vai, Masss and Baahubali movies. He has won numerous award right from 2009 to 2013. His spouse name is Nandhini and they are blessed with a boy Haiku Vairamuthu. 
